Fixing sqlfluff link (#6560)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/best-practices/how-we-style/2-how-we-style-our-sql.md

- ☁️ Use [SQLFluff](https://sqlfluff.com/) to maintain these style rules automatically.
  - Customize `.sqlfluff` configuration files to your needs.
  - Refer to our [SQLFluff config file](https://github.com/dbt-labs/jaffle-shop-template/blob/main/.sqlfluff) for the rules we use in our own projects. 
  - Exclude files and directories by using a standard `.sqlfluffignore` file. Learn more about the syntax in the [.sqlfluffignore syntax docs](https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/configuration/index.html).

>     - Excluding often unnecessary folders and files (such as target/, dbt_packages/, and macros/) can decrease lint run times. 

Reviewer: adding the backticks and might be good to clarify if taylor meant job run times too?
```suggestion
    - Excluding unnecessary folders and files (such as `target/`, `dbt_packages/`, and `macros/`) can speed up linting, improve run times, and help you avoid irrelevant logs.
```

>     - Excluding frequently unneccesary folders and files (such as target/, dbt_packages/, and macros/) can decrease lint run times. 

Author: ```suggestion
    - Excluding often unnecessary folders and files (such as target/, dbt_packages/, and macros/) can decrease lint run times. 
```
